Chikorita - Grass - A sweet aroma gently wafts from the leaf on its head. It is docile and loves to soak up the sun’s rays.
Bayleef - Grass - The scent of spices comes from around its neck. Somehow, sniffing it makes you want to fight.
Meganium - Grass - The aroma that rises from its petals contains a substance that calms aggressive feelings.
Cyndaquil - Fire - It is timid, and always curls itself up in a ball. If attacked, it flares up its back for protection.
Quilava - Fire - Be careful if it turns its back during battle. It means that it will attack with the fire on its back.
Typhlosion - Fire - If its rage peaks, it becomes so hot that anything that touches it will instantly go up in flames.
Totodile - Water - Its well-developed jaws are powerful and capable of crushing anything. Even its trainer must be careful.
Croconaw - Water - If it loses a fang, a new one grows back in its place. There are always 48 fangs lining its mouth.
Feraligatr - Water - When it bites with its massive and powerful jaws, it shakes its head and savagely tears its victim up.
Sentret - Normal - A very cautious POKéMON, it raises itself up using its tail to get a better view of its surroundings.
Furret - Normal - It makes a nest to suit its long and skinny body. The nest is impossible for other POKéMON to enter.
Hoothoot - Normal/Flying - It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen.
Noctowl - Normal/Flying - Its eyes are specially adapted. They concentrate even faint light and enable it to see in the dark.
Ledyba - Bug/Flying - It is very timid. It will be afraid to move if it is alone. But it will be active if it is in a group.
Ledian - Bug/Flying - When the stars flicker in the night sky, it flutters about, scattering a glowing powder.
Spinarak - Bug/Poison - It lies still in the same pose for days in its web, waiting for its unsuspecting prey to wander close.
Ariados - Bug/Poison - It spins string not only from its rear but also from its mouth. It is hard to tell which end is which.
Crobat - Poison/Flying - It flies so silently through the dark on its four wings that it may not be noticed even when nearby.
Chinchou - Water/Electric - It shoots positive and negative electricity between the tips of its two antennae and zaps its enemies.
Lanturn - Water/Electric - The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea’s surface from a depth of over three miles.
Pichu - Electric - It is not yet skilled at storing electricity. It may send out a jolt if amused or startled.
Cleffa - Fairy - Because of its unusual, star-like silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor.
Igglybuff - Normal/Fairy - It has a very soft body. If it starts to roll, it will bounce all over and be impossible to stop.
Togepi - Fairy - The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
Togetic - Fairy/Flying - They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness.
Natu - Psychic/Flying - Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something.
Xatu - Psychic/Flying - They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.
Mareep - Electric - If static electricity builds in its body, its fleece doubles in volume. Touching it will shock you.
Flaaffy - Electric - As a result of storing too much electricity, it developed patches where even downy wool won’t grow.
Ampharos - Electric - The tail’s tip shines brightly and can be seen from far away. It acts as a beacon for lost people.
Bellossom - Grass - BELLOSSOM gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.
Marill - Water/Fairy - The tip of its tail, which contains oil that is lighter than water, lets it swim without drowning.
Azumarill - Water/Fairy - By keeping still and listening intently, it can tell what is in even wild, fast-moving rivers.
Sudowoodo - Rock - Although it always pretends to be a tree, its composition appears to be closer to a rock than a plant.
Politoed - Water - If POLIWAG and POLIWHIRL hear its echoing cry, they respond by gathering from far and wide.
Hoppip - Grass/Flying - To keep from being blown away by the wind, they gather in clusters. They do enjoy gentle breezes, though.
Skiploom - Grass/Flying - The bloom on top of its head opens and closes as the temperature fluctuates up and down.
Jumpluff - Grass/Flying - Once it catches the wind, it deftly controls its cotton-puff spores to float, even around the world.
Aipom - Normal - Its tail is so powerful that it can use it to grab a tree branch and hold itself up in the air.
Sunkern - Grass - It may drop out of the sky suddenly. If attacked by a SPEAROW, it will violently shake its leaves.
Sunflora - Grass - It converts sunlight into energy. In the darkness after sunset, it closes its petals and becomes still.
Yanma - Bug/Flying - If it flaps its wings really fast, it can generate shock waves that will shatter windows in the area.
Wooper - Water/Ground - This POKéMON lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
Quagsire - Water/Ground - This carefree POKéMON has an easy-going nature. While swimming, it always bumps into boat hulls.
Espeon - Psychic - It uses the fine hair that covers its body to sense air currents and predict its enemy’s actions.
Umbreon - Dark - When agitated, this POKéMON protects itself by spraying poisonous sweat from its pores.
Murkrow - Dark/Flying - Feared and loathed by many, it is believed to bring misfortune to all those who see it at night.
Slowking - Water/Psychic - It has incredible intellect and intuition. Whatever the situation, it remains calm and collected.
Misdreavus - Ghost - It likes playing mischievous tricks such as screaming and wailing to startle people at night.
Unown - Psychic - Their shapes look like hieroglyphs on ancient tablets. It is said that the two are somehow related.