Treecko - Grass - TREECKO has small hooks on the bottom of its feet that enable it to scale vertical walls. This POKéMON attacks by slamming foes with its thick tail.
Grovyle - Grass - The leaves growing out of GROVYLE’s body are convenient for camouflaging it from enemies in the forest. This POKéMON is a master at climbing trees in jungles.
Sceptile - Grass - The leaves growing on SCEPTILE’s body are very sharp edged. This POKéMON is very agile - it leaps all over the branches of trees and jumps on its foe from above or behind.
Torchic - Fire - TORCHIC sticks with its TRAINER, following behind with unsteady steps. This POKéMON breathes fire of over 1,800 degrees F, including fireballs that leave the foe scorched black.
Combusken - Fire/Fighting - COMBUSKEN toughens up its legs and thighs by running through fields and mountains. This POKéMON’s legs possess both speed and power, enabling it to dole out ten kicks in one second.
Blaziken - Fire/Fighting - In battle, BLAZIKEN blows out intense flames from its wrists and attacks foes courageously. The stronger the foe, the more intensely this POKéMON’s wrists burn.
Mudkip - Water - The fin on MUDKIP’s head acts as highly sensitive radar. Using this fin to sense movements of water and air, this POKéMON can determine what is taking place around it without using its eyes.
Marshtomp - Water/Ground - The surface of MARSHTOMP’s body is enveloped by a thin, sticky film that enables it to live on land. This POKéMON plays in mud on beaches when the ocean tide is low.
Swampert - Water/Ground - SWAMPERT is very strong. It has enough power to easily drag a boulder weighing more than a ton. This POKéMON also has powerful vision that lets it see even in murky water.
Poochyena - Dark - At first sight, POOCHYENA takes a bite at anything that moves. This POKéMON chases after prey until the victim becomes exhausted. However, it may turn tail if the prey strikes back.
Mightyena - Dark - MIGHTYENA gives obvious signals when it is preparing to attack. It starts to growl deeply and then flattens its body. This POKéMON will bite savagely with its sharply pointed fangs.
Zigzagoon - Normal - ZIGZAGOON restlessly wanders everywhere at all times. This POKéMON does so because it is very curious. It becomes interested in anything that it happens to see.
Linoone - Normal - LINOONE always runs full speed and only in straight lines. If facing an obstacle, it makes a right-angle turn to evade it. This POKéMON is very challenged by gently curving roads.
Wurmple - Bug - Using the spikes on its rear end, WURMPLE peels the bark off trees and feeds on the sap that oozes out. This POKéMON’s feet are tipped with suction pads that allow it to cling to glass without slipping.
Silcoon - Bug - SILCOON tethers itself to a tree branch using silk to keep from falling. There, this POKéMON hangs quietly while it awaits evolution. It peers out of the silk cocoon through a small hole.
Beautifly - Bug/Flying - BEAUTIFLY’s favorite food is the sweet pollen of flowers. If you want to see this POKéMON, just leave a potted flower by an open window. BEAUTIFLY is sure to come looking for pollen.
Cascoon - Bug - CASCOON makes its protective cocoon by wrapping its body entirely with a fine silk from its mouth. Once the silk goes around its body, it hardens. This POKéMON prepares for its evolution inside the cocoon.
Dustox - Bug/Poison - DUSTOX is instinctively drawn to light. Swarms of this POKéMON are attracted by the bright lights of cities, where they wreak havoc by stripping the leaves off roadside trees for food.
Lotad - Water/Grass - LOTAD live in ponds and lakes, where they float on the surface. It grows weak if its broad leaf dies. On rare occasions, this POKéMON travels on land in search of clean water.
Lombre - Water/Grass - LOMBRE is nocturnal - it will get active after dusk. It is also a mischief-maker. When this POKéMON spots anglers, it tugs on their fishing lines from beneath the surface and enjoys their consternation.
Ludicolo - Water/Grass - LUDICOLO begins dancing as soon as it hears cheerful, festive music. This POKéMON is said to appear when it hears the singing of children on hiking outings.
Seedot - Grass - SEEDOT attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. It sucks moisture from the tree while hanging off the branch. The more water it drinks, the glossier this POKéMON’s body becomes.
Nuzleaf - Grass/Dark - NUZLEAF live in densely overgrown forests. They occasionally venture out of the forest to startle people. This POKéMON dislikes having its long nose pinched.
Shiftry - Grass/Dark - SHIFTRY is a mysterious POKéMON that is said to live atop towering trees dating back over a thousand years. It creates terrific windstorms with the fans it holds.
Taillow - Normal/Flying - TAILLOW courageously stands its ground against foes, however strong they may be. This gutsy POKéMON will remain defiant even after a loss. On the other hand, it cries loudly if it becomes hungry.
Swellow - Normal/Flying - SWELLOW flies high above our heads, making graceful arcs in the sky. This POKéMON dives at a steep angle as soon as it spots its prey. The hapless prey is tightly grasped by SWELLOW’s clawed feet, preventing escape.
Wingull - Water/Flying - WINGULL has the habit of carrying prey and valuables in its beak and hiding them in all sorts of locations. This POKéMON rides the winds and flies as if it were skating across the sky.
Pelipper - Water/Flying - PELIPPER is a flying transporter that carries small POKéMON and eggs inside its massive bill. This POKéMON builds its nest on steep cliffs facing the sea.
Ralts - Psychic/Fairy - RALTS senses the emotions of people using the horns on its head. This POKéMON rarely appears before people. But when it does, it draws closer if it senses that the person has a positive disposition.
Kirlia - Psychic/Fairy - It is said that a KIRLIA that is exposed to the positive emotions of its TRAINER grows beautiful. This POKéMON controls psychokinetic powers with its highly developed brain.
Gardevoir - Psychic/Fairy - GARDEVOIR has the ability to read the future. If it senses impending danger to its TRAINER, this POKéMON is said to unleash its psychokinetic energy at full power.
Surskit - Bug/Water - From the tips of its feet, SURSKIT secretes an oil that enables it to walk on water as if it were skating. This POKéMON feeds on microscopic organisms in ponds and lakes.
Masquerain - Bug/Flying - MASQUERAIN intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns on its antennas. This POKéMON flaps its four wings to freely fly in any direction - even sideways and backwards - as if it were a helicopter.
Shroomish - Grass - SHROOMISH live in damp soil in the dark depths of forests. They are often found keeping still under fallen leaves. This POKéMON feeds on compost that is made up of fallen, rotted leaves.
Breloom - Grass/Fighting - BRELOOM closes in on its foe with light and sprightly footwork, then throws punches with its stretchy arms. This POKéMON’s fighting technique puts boxers to shame.
Slakoth - Normal - SLAKOTH lolls around for over twenty hours every day. Because it moves so little, it does not need much food. This POKéMON’s sole daily meal consists of just three leaves.
Vigoroth - Normal - VIGOROTH is always itching and agitated to go on a wild rampage. It simply can’t tolerate sitting still for even a minute. This POKéMON’s stress level rises if it can’t be moving constantly.
Slaking - Normal - SLAKING spends all day lying down and lolling about. It eats grass growing within its reach. If it eats all the grass it can reach, this POKéMON reluctantly moves to another spot.
Nincada - Bug/Ground - NINCADA lives underground for many years in complete darkness. This POKéMON absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees. It stays motionless as it waits for evolution.
Ninjask - Bug/Flying - NINJASK moves around at such a high speed that it cannot be seen, even while its crying can be clearly heard. For that reason, this POKéMON was long believed to be invisible.
Shedinja - Bug/Ghost - SHEDINJA’s hard body doesn’t move - not even a twitch. In fact, its body appears to be merely a hollow shell. It is believed that this POKéMON will steal the spirit of anyone peering into its hollow body from its back.
Whismur - Normal - Normally, WHISMUR’s voice is very quiet - it is barely audible even if one is paying close attention. However, if this POKéMON senses danger, it starts crying at an earsplitting volume.
Loudred - Normal - LOUDRED’s bellowing can completely decimate a wood-frame house. It uses its voice to punish its foes. This POKéMON’s round ears serve as loudspeakers.
Exploud - Normal - EXPLOUD triggers earthquakes with the tremors it creates by bellowing. If this POKéMON violently inhales from the ports on its body, it’s a sign that it is preparing to let loose a huge bellow.
Makuhita - Fighting - MAKUHITA is tenacious - it will keep getting up and attacking its foe however many times it is knocked down. Every time it gets back up, this POKéMON stores more energy in its body for evolving.
Hariyama - Fighting - HARIYAMA practices its straight-arm slaps in any number of locations. One hit of this POKéMON’s powerful, openhanded, straight-arm punches could snap a telephone pole in two.
Azurill - Normal/Fairy - AZURILL spins its tail as if it were a lasso, then hurls it far. The momentum of the throw sends its body flying, too. Using this unique action, one of these POKéMON managed to hurl itself a record 33 feet.
Nosepass - Rock - NOSEPASS’s magnetic nose is always pointed to the north. If two of these POKéMON meet, they cannot turn their faces to each other when they are close because their magnetic noses repel one another.
Skitty - Normal - SKITTY has the habit of becoming fascinated by moving objects and chasing them around. This POKéMON is known to chase after its own tail and become dizzy.
Delcatty - Normal - DELCATTY prefers to live an unfettered existence in which it can do as it pleases at its own pace. Because this POKéMON eats and sleeps whenever it decides, its daily routines are completely random.