Turtwig - Grass - Made from soil, the shell on its back hardens when it drinks water. It lives along lakes.
Grotle - Grass - It lives along water in forests. In the daytime, it leaves the forest to sunbathe its treed shell.
Torterra - Grass/Ground - Small Pokémon occasionally gather on its unmoving back to begin building their nests.
Chimchar - Fire - It agilely scales sheer cliffs to live atop craggy mountains. Its fire is put out when it sleeps.
Monferno - Fire/Fighting - To intimidate attackers, it stretches the fire on its tail to make itself appear bigger.
Infernape - Fire/Fighting - It uses a special kind of martial arts involving all its limbs. Its fire never goes out.
Piplup - Water - Because it is very proud, it hates accepting food from people. Its thick down guards it from cold.
Prinplup - Water - It lives alone, away from others. Apparently, every one of them believes it is the most important.
Empoleon - Water/Steel - The three horns that extend from its beak attest to its power. The leader has the biggest horns.
Starly - Normal/Flying - They flock in great numbers. Though small, they flap their wings with great power.
Staravia - Normal/Flying - It flies around forests and fields in search of bug Pokémon. It stays within a huge flock.
Staraptor - Normal/Flying - It has a savage nature. It will courageously challenge foes that are much larger.
Bidoof - Normal - With nerves of steel, nothing can perturb it. It is more agile and active than it appears.
Bibarel - Normal/Water - It makes its nest by damming streams with bark and mud. It is known as an industrious worker.
Kricketot - Bug - It shakes its head back to front, causing its antennae to hit each other and sound like a xylophone.
Kricketune - Bug - It crosses its knifelike arms in front of its chest when it cries. It can compose melodies ad lib.
Shinx - Electric - All of its fur dazzles if danger is sensed. It flees while the foe is momentarily blinded.
Luxio - Electric - Its claws loose electricity with enough amperage to cause fainting. They live in small groups.
Luxray - Electric - It has eyes that can see through anything. It spots and captures prey hiding behind objects.
Budew - Grass/Poison - Over the winter, it closes its bud and endures the cold. In spring, the bud opens and releases pollen.
Roserade - Grass/Poison - It attracts prey with a sweet aroma, then downs it with thorny whips hidden in its arms.
Cranidos - Rock - It lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its skull is as hard as iron.
Rampardos - Rock - Its powerful head butt has enough power to shatter even the most durable things upon impact.
Shieldon - Rock/Steel - A Pokémon that lived in jungles around 100 million years ago. Its facial hide is extremely hard.
Bastiodon - Rock/Steel - Any frontal attack is repulsed. It is a docile Pokémon that feeds on grass and berries.
Burmy - Bug - To shelter itself from cold, wintry winds, it covers itself with a cloak made of twigs and leaves.
Wormadam - Bug/Grass - When BURMY evolved, its cloak became a part of this Pokémon’s body. The cloak is never shed.
Mothim - Bug/Flying - It loves the honey of flowers and steals honey collected by COMBEE.
Combee - Bug/Flying - A Pokémon formed by three others. It busily carries sweet floral honey to VESPIQUEN.
Vespiquen - Bug/Flying - Its abdomen is a honeycomb for grubs. It raises its grubs on honey collected by COMBEE.
Pachirisu - Electric - It makes fur balls that crackle with static electricity. It stores them with berries in tree holes.
Buizel - Water - It has a flotation sac that is like an inflatable collar. It floats on water with its head out.
Floatzel - Water - It floats using its well-developed flotation sac. It assists in the rescues of drowning people.
Cherubi - Grass - The small ball holds the nutrients needed for evolution. Apparently, it is very sweet and tasty.
Cherrim - Grass - It blooms during times of strong sunlight. It tries to make up for everything it endured as a bud.
Shellos - Water - Its colors and shapes differ from region to region. In the Sinnoh region, two types are confirmed.
Gastrodon - Water/Ground - It has a pliable body without any bones. If any part of its body is torn off, it grows right back.
Ambipom - Normal - To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. It rarely uses its arms now.
Drifloon - Ghost/Flying - A Pokémon formed by the spirits of people and Pokémon. It loves damp, humid seasons.
Drifblim - Ghost/Flying - It’s drowzy in daytime, but flies off in the evening in big groups. No one knows where they go.
Buneary - Normal - It slams foes by sharply uncoiling its rolled ears. It stings enough to make a grown-up cry in pain.
Lopunny - Normal - An extremely cautious Pokémon. It cloaks its body with its fluffy ear fur when it senses danger.
Mismagius - Ghost - Its cries sound like incantations. Those hearing it are tormented by headaches and hallucinations.
Honchkrow - Dark/Flying - Becoming active at night, it is known to swarm with numerous MURKROW in tow.
Glameow - Normal - It claws if displeased and purrs when affectionate. Its fickleness is very popular among some.
Purugly - Normal - It is a brazen brute that barges its way into another Pokémon’s nest and claims it as its own.
Chingling - Psychic - It emits cries by agitating an orb at the back of its throat. It moves with flouncing hops.
Stunky - Poison/Dark - It protects itself by spraying a noxious fluid from its rear. The stench lingers for 24 hours.
Skuntank - Poison/Dark - It sprays a vile-smelling fluid from the tip of its tail to attack. Its range is over 160 feet.
Bronzor - Steel/Psychic - Implements shaped like it were discovered in ancient tombs. It is unknown if they are related.