Rowlet - Grass/Flying - This wary Pokémon uses photosynthesis to store up energy during the day, while becoming active at night.
Dartrix - Grass/Flying - A bit of a dandy, it spends its free time preening its wings. Its preoccupation with any dirt on its plumage can leave it unable to battle.
Decidueye - Grass/Ghost - It fires arrow quills from its wings with such precision, they can pierce a pebble at distances over a hundred yards.
Litten - Fire - While grooming itself, it builds up fur inside its stomach. It sets the fur alight and spews fiery attacks, which change based on how it coughs.
Torracat - Fire - At its throat, it bears a bell of fire. The bell rings brightly whenever this Pokémon spits fire.
Incineroar - Fire/Dark - This Pokémon has a violent, selfish disposition. If it’s not in the mood to listen, it will ignore its Trainer’s orders with complete nonchalance.
Popplio - Water - This Pokémon snorts body fluids from its nose, blowing balloons to smash into its foes. It’s famous for being a hard worker.
Brionne - Water - A skillful dancer, it creates a sequence of water balloons as it dances, and briskly bombards its enemies.
Primarina - Water/Fairy - It controls its water balloons with song. The melody is learned from others of its kind and is passed down from one generation to the next.
Pikipek - Normal/Flying - It can peck at a rate of 16 times a second to drill holes in trees. It uses the holes for food storage and for nesting.
Trumbeak - Normal/Flying - It eats berries and stores their seeds in its beak. When it encounters enemies or prey, it fires off all the seeds in a burst.
Toucannon - Normal/Flying - When it battles, its beak heats up. The temperature can easily exceed 212 degrees Fahrenheit, causing severe burns when it hits.
Yungoos - Normal - With its sharp fangs, it will bite anything. It did not originally live in Alola but was imported from another region.
Gumshoos - Normal - When it finds a trace of its prey, it patiently stakes out the location...but it’s always snoozing by nightfall.
Grubbin - Bug - Its strong jaw enables it to scrape trees and slurp out the sap. It normally lives underground.
Charjabug - Bug/Electric - Its body is capable of storing electricity. On camping trips, people are grateful to have one around.
Vikavolt - Bug/Electric - It zips around, on sharp lookout for an opening. It concentrates electrical energy within its large jaws and uses it to zap its enemies.
Crabrawler - Fighting - While guarding its weak points with its pincers, it looks for an opening and unleashes punches. When it loses, it foams at the mouth and faints.
Crabominable - Fighting/Ice - It aimed for the top but got lost and ended up on a snowy mountain. Being forced to endure the cold, this Pokémon evolved and grew fur.
Oricorio - Fire/Flying - It beats its wings together to create fire. As it moves in the steps of its beautiful dance, it bathes opponents in intense flames.
Cutiefly - Bug/Fairy - It feeds on the nectar and pollen of flowers. Because it’s able to sense auras, it can identify which flowers are about to bloom.
Ribombee - Bug/Fairy - It rolls up pollen into puffs. It makes many different varieties, some used as food and others used in battle.
Rockruff - Rock - It’s considered to be a good Pokémon for beginners because of its friendliness, but its disposition grows rougher as it grows up.
Lycanroc - Rock - Its quick movements confuse its enemies. Well equipped with claws and fangs, it also uses the sharp rocks in its mane as weapons.
Wishiwashi - Water - When it’s in trouble, its eyes moisten and begin to shine. The shining light attracts its comrades, and they stand together against their enemies.
Mareanie - Poison/Water - It plunges the poison spike on its head into its prey. When the prey has weakened, Mareanie deals the finishing blow with its 10 tentacles.
Toxapex - Poison/Water - Toxapex crawls along the ocean floor on its 12 legs. It leaves a trail of Corsola bits scattered in its wake.
Mudbray - Ground - The mud stuck to Mudbray’s hooves enhances its grip and its powerful running gait.
Mudsdale - Ground - It spits a mud that provides resistance to both wind and rain, so the walls of old houses were often coated with it.
Dewpider - Water/Bug - It crawls onto the land in search of food. Its water bubble allows it to breathe and protects its soft head.
Araquanid - Water/Bug - It delivers headbutts with the water bubble on its head. Small Pokémon get sucked into the bubble, where they drown.
Fomantis - Grass - During the day, it sleeps and soaks up light. When night falls, it walks around looking for a safer place to sleep.
Lurantis - Grass - It requires a lot of effort to maintain Lurantis’s vivid coloring, but some collectors enjoy this work and treat it as their hobby.
Morelull - Grass/Fairy - It scatters spores that flicker and glow. Anyone seeing these lights falls into a deep slumber.
Shiinotic - Grass/Fairy - Forests where Shiinotic live are treacherous to enter at night. People confused by its strange lights can never find their way home again.
Salandit - Poison/Fire - It burns its bodily fluids to create a poisonous gas. When its enemies become disoriented from inhaling the gas, it attacks them.
Salazzle - Poison/Fire - For some reason, only females have been found. It creates a reverse harem of male Salandit that it lives with.
Stufful - Normal/Fighting - Despite its adorable appearance, when it gets angry and flails about, its arms and legs could knock a pro wrestler sprawling.
Bewear - Normal/Fighting - This immensely dangerous Pokémon possesses overwhelming physical strength. Its habitat is generally off-limits.
Bounsweet - Grass - A delectable aroma pours from its body. They are often swallowed whole by Toucannon lured by that wafting deliciousness.
Steenee - Grass - The sepals on its head developed to protect its body. These are quite hard, so even if pecked by bird Pokémon, this Pokémon is totally fine.
Tsareena - Grass - Its long, striking legs aren’t just for show but to be used to kick with skill. In victory, it shows off by kicking the defeated, laughing boisterously.
Comfey - Fairy - It attaches flowers to its highly nutritious vine. This revitalizes the flowers, and they give off an aromatic scent.
Oranguru - Normal/Psychic - Known for its extreme intelligence, this Pokémon will look down on inexperienced Trainers, so it’s best suited to veteran Trainers.
Passimian - Fighting - They form groups of roughly 20 individuals. Their mutual bond is remarkable—they will never let down a comrade.
Wimpod - Bug/Water - This Pokémon is a coward. As it desperately dashes off, the flailing of its many legs leaves a sparkling clean path in its wake.
Golisopod - Bug/Water - With a flashing slash of its giant sharp claws, it cleaves seawater—or even air—right in two.
Sandygast - Ghost/Ground - Born from a sand mound playfully built by a child, this Pokémon embodies the grudges of the departed.
Palossand - Ghost/Ground - Possessed people controlled by this Pokémon transformed its sand mound into a castle. As it evolved, its power to curse grew ever stronger.
Pyukumuku - Water - It lives in shallow seas, such as areas near a beach. It can eject its internal organs, which it uses to engulf its prey or battle enemies.