Sprigatito - Grass - Its fluffy fur is similar in composition to plants. This Pokémon frequently washes its face to keep it from drying out.
Floragato - Grass - Floragato deftly wields the vine hidden beneath its long fur, slamming the hard flower bud against its opponents.
Meowscarada - Grass/Dark - This Pokémon uses the reflective fur lining its cape to camouflage the stem of its flower, creating the illusion that the flower is floating.
Fuecoco - Fire - It lies on warm rocks and uses the heat absorbed by its square-shaped scales to create fire energy.
Crocalor - Fire - The combination of Crocalor’s fire energy and overflowing vitality has caused an egg-shaped fireball to appear on the Pokémon’s head.
Skeledirge - Fire/Ghost - The fiery bird changes shape when Skeledirge sings. Rumor has it that the bird was born when the fireball on Skeledirge’s head gained a soul.
Quaxly - Water - This Pokémon migrated to Paldea from distant lands long ago. The gel secreted by its feathers repels water and grime.
Quaxwell - Water - These Pokémon constantly run through shallow waters to train their legs, then compete with each other to see which of them kicks most gracefully.
Quaquaval - Water/Fighting - A single kick from a Quaquaval can send a truck rolling. This Pokémon uses its powerful legs to perform striking dances from far-off lands.
Lechonk - Normal - It searches for food all day. It possesses a keen sense of smell but doesn’t use it for anything other than foraging.
Oinkologne - Normal - Oinkologne is proud of its fine, glossy skin. It emits a concentrated scent from the tip of its tail.
Tarountula - Bug - The ball of threads wrapped around its body is elastic enough to deflect the scythes of Scyther, this Pokémon’s natural enemy.
Spidops - Bug - It clings to branches and ceilings using its threads and moves without a sound. It takes out its prey before the prey even notices it.
Nymble - Bug - It has its third set of legs folded up. When it’s in a tough spot, this Pokémon jumps over 30 feet using the strength of its legs.
Lokix - Bug/Dark - When it decides to fight all out, it stands on its previously folded legs to enter Showdown Mode. It neutralizes its enemies in short order.
Pawmi - Electric - It has underdeveloped electric sacs on its cheeks. These sacs can produce electricity only if Pawmi rubs them furiously with the pads on its forepaws.
Pawmo - Electric/Fighting - When its group is attacked, Pawmo is the first to leap into battle, defeating enemies with a fighting technique that utilizes electric shocks.
Pawmot - Electric/Fighting - This Pokémon normally is slow to react, but once it enters battle, it will strike down its enemies with lightning-fast movements.
Tandemaus - Normal - Exhibiting great teamwork, they use their incisors to cut pieces out of any material that might be useful for a nest, then make off with them.
Maushold - Normal - The two little ones just appeared one day. The group might be a family of related Pokémon, but nobody knows for sure.
Fidough - Fairy - This Pokémon is smooth and moist to the touch. Yeast in Fidough’s breath induces fermentation in the Pokémon’s vicinity.
Dachsbun - Fairy - The pleasant aroma that emanates from this Pokémon’s body helps wheat grow, so Dachsbun has been treasured by farming villages.
Smoliv - Grass/Normal - It protects itself from enemies by emitting oil from the fruit on its head. This oil is bitter and astringent enough to make someone flinch.
Dolliv - Grass/Normal - Dolliv shares its tasty, fresh-scented oil with others. This species has coexisted with humans since times long gone.
Arboliva - Grass/Normal - This calm Pokémon is very compassionate. It will share its delicious, nutrient-rich oil with weakened Pokémon.
Squawkabilly - Normal/Flying - These Pokémon prefer to live in cities. They form flocks based on the color of their feathers, and they fight over territory.
Nacli - Rock - It was born in a layer of rock salt deep under the earth. This species was particularly treasured in the old days, as they would share precious salt.
Naclstack - Rock - This Pokémon dry cures its prey by spraying salt over them. The curing process steals away the water in the prey’s body.
Garganacl - Rock - Garganacl will rub its fingertips together and sprinkle injured Pokémon with salt. Even severe wounds will promptly heal afterward.
Charcadet - Fire - Burnt charcoal came to life and became a Pokémon. Possessing a fiery fighting spirit, Charcadet will battle even tough opponents.
Armarouge - Fire/Psychic - Armarouge evolved through the use of a set of armor that belonged to a distinguished warrior. This Pokémon is incredibly loyal.
Ceruledge - Fire/Ghost - The fiery blades on its arms burn fiercely with the lingering resentment of a sword wielder who fell before accomplishing their goal.
Tadbulb - Electric - Tadbulb shakes its tail to generate electricity. If it senses danger, it will make its head blink on and off to alert its allies.
Bellibolt - Electric - When this Pokémon expands and contracts its wobbly body, the belly-button dynamo in its stomach produces a huge amount of electricity.
Wattrel - Electric/Flying - When its wings catch the wind, the bones within produce electricity. This Pokémon dives into the ocean, catching prey by electrocuting them.
Kilowattrel - Electric/Flying - Kilowattrel inflates its throat sac to amplify its electricity. By riding the wind, this Pokémon can fly over 430 miles in a day.
Maschiff - Dark - It always scowls in an attempt to make opponents take it seriously, but even crying children will burst into laughter when they see Maschiff’s face.
Mabosstiff - Dark - This Pokémon can store energy in its large dewlap. Mabosstiff unleashes this energy all at once to blow away enemies.
Shroodle - Poison/Normal - Though usually a mellow Pokémon, it will sink its sharp, poison-soaked front teeth into any that anger it, causing paralysis in the object of its ire.
Grafaiai - Poison/Normal - The color of the poisonous saliva depends on what the Pokémon eats. Grafaiai covers its fingers in its saliva and draws patterns on trees in forests.
Bramblin - Grass/Ghost - A soul unable to move on to the afterlife was blown around by the wind until it got tangled up with dried grass and became a Pokémon.
Brambleghast - Grass/Ghost - It will open the branches of its head to envelop its prey. Once it absorbs all the life energy it needs, it expels the prey and discards it.
Toedscool - Ground/Grass - Toedscool lives in muggy forests. The flaps that fall from its body are chewy and very delicious.
Toedscruel - Ground/Grass - These Pokémon gather into groups and form colonies deep within forests. They absolutely hate it when strangers approach.
Klawf - Rock - Klawf hangs upside-down from cliffs, waiting for prey. But Klawf can’t remain in this position for long because its blood rushes to its head.
Capsakid - Grass - The more sunlight this Pokémon bathes in, the more spicy chemicals are produced by its body, and thus the spicier its moves become.
Scovillain - Grass/Fire - The red head converts spicy chemicals into fire energy and blasts the surrounding area with a super spicy stream of flame.
Rellor - Bug - This Pokémon creates a mud ball by mixing sand and dirt with psychic energy. It treasures its mud ball more than its own life.
Rabsca - Bug/Psychic - The body that supports the ball barely moves. Therefore, it is thought that the true body of this Pokémon is actually inside the ball.
Flittle - Psychic - Flittle’s toes levitate about half an inch above the ground because of the psychic power emitted from the frills on the Pokémon’s belly.